hello everybody knows last and for
the very first video on my channel
I decided to make a little tutorial
minecraft on this system
so what is this is a
harvesting system completely
automatic melon and pumpkins
so it works like this
unfortunately a little apart from a few
pearls as if then I know this
trick when you can see both
blocks here servat that the melon is the
pumpkin does not grow these two
places declines to push just here
and now I'm going to show you
how to make this system and you
explain in detail how that
then works first of all it us
must obviously grow like
this then you have to send a current
in the watermelon like that as soon as the
watermelon will have pushed that var pulled
a piston just above the ch'ti which
piss not exactly like you
can see it there is a close state
when the when the name is not there and a
open state as to post then he
have to put a stone here this pair
will be powered by the torch just in
underneath and hand and this will serve to
to be able to pass a stoner with
camp on a normal piston that year places
here if I get there
so here is the system is
operational
finally to be able then why here we
Delighted me to knighton demonstrate if we
do this and system is way too much
fast and the fight you will not deny
in your nickname that you will place if
so the water source that will allow you
to bring the roads together
final destination where you have all the
recover
so I advise you to put in
wall because from time to time there can
have some doubts clip hangs here
unfortunately but I will remove this
wall to show two little tricks
which will allow you to win
a few blocks on several meulan so
we can reuse this torch for
redo exactly the same system
so we'll say that the movement that the
moment will be there and so we redo
exactly the same group system
spotify is what I'm angry
but a sticky piston above
like a stone so that's exactly
the same thing
the dealer and the piston this normal
so as you can see that
works
good if we use the same torch
both will go at the same time but
that's not too disturbing
system will always work
we can also use the shoot as
this is exactly the same
system that makes them very
quickly
there the rest of here to say here and a
normal piston
so that's what allowed you to win
some places
if you want to do for example a
factory
so I started a little idea of
jezzine here so I just took the
same system here on two of width and
height
so when you can see it and I have
a little tip show that allows for
plunge the well water currents from
gas
it's putting a block of ice here
with a panel it allows to extend
the currents of water since two week as
so when you can see the fight
going on and will end up towards a
final destination here so you can
to make a melon plant and site heading
if you want with melons in water and
pumpkins down and you do not have to
also forget to put small
sources of water to those who are above
with the most chances that it grows
and so I finished this tutorial and I
give an appointment to see my next
video was highly ellipses because
I forgot to tell you a little
detail that can be important
so that's to place a block at this
place to prevent the fruit from
start growing here and that
rather do here and here right in front of the
piston here it is here it is really the
end of this video and I tell you 'I to
toulon